Weekly Changelog 2024-07-29 to 2024-08-05 (#75460)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: data/changelog.txt

Adds a home canning hobby/background to character creation
Mute very divergent mouth mutations
Added apiary overmap tile to farm generation

> Update description for cigars.
> More spooky messages relating to a certain foe
> Add Variable Snippets for Home Pictures
> More detailed sunset/sunrise morale based on actual weather and traits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add Variable Snippets for Home Pictures
More detailed sunset/sunrise morale based on actual weather and traits
```

Add sorting by amount and value/volume in advanced inventory search
Addiction withdrawals are a toggleable distraction
The filter is reset when you open the construction menu

> ZenFS: Match encumberance colors
> Remove unnecessary workout y/n prompt
> Select CC-Sounds as default soundpack if it's present on first run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select CC-Sounds as default soundpack if it's present on first run
```

[Magiclysm] Add WATERWALKING and ITEM_WATERPROOFING to Body of Spirit spell
[Bombastic Perks] Sword and sorcery-esque perks
[XE] make Tier 5 of vampirism attainable + more vampire-related tweaks

> XE Stalking Warper
> [MoM] Change Voltaic Strikes and Electrical Discharge to concentration
> [MoM] Change Hardened Skin to concentration
> [MoM] Change Blazing Aura to concentration
> Add a bunch of new perks to Bombastic Perks
> [MoM] Update building vision levels
> [Sky Island] Add bunker climate control upgrade
> Xedra Evolved Cryptid Video snippets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
XE Stalking Warper and Cryptid Video snippets
Add a bunch of new perks to Bombastic Perks
[Sky Island] Add bunker climate control upgrade
```

update Hub 01 armor repair fees and timeframes
Add Wound Care proficiency for Park Rangers
Opiate shakes caused by cravings go away after taking opiates. Other shakes are unaffected.

> Remove guaranteed residential solar, add random residential solar
> Increase weight of HWP EXOTIC configuration and give integrated bipod
> Mortar is now an autolearned recipe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove guaranteed residential solar, add random residential solar
Mortar is now a recipe on cement bags
```

Stop wasting dodge attempts on things you can't even see
[MoM] Fix possibility of studying new powers concurrently.
Wrong header restoring saved AIM layout

> [MoM] Update Brilliant Flash to use standard blind effect
> Provide insertion failure reasons from only eligible pockets
> Prevent segfault when unloading from spillable container
> safer NPC ranged weapon use
> XE Undine and Salamanders no longer sweat
> Prevent segfault when target of firstaid_activity_actor disappears
> [Bombastic Perks] Fix Pantherish Grace menu display
> Wrong information on furniture deconstruction
> Prevent segfault if repair item disappears
> Remove F-S fighting knife's block
> Prevent negative array index for floor_cache
> Set owner of disassembly result
> Avoid crash when the character has no proficiencies and we press enter on them inside Character menu "@
> Prevent phantom cramped space on empty tiles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide insertion failure reasons from only eligible pockets
Prevent segfault when unloading from spillable container
safer NPC ranged weapon use
XE Undine and Salamanders no longer sweat
Prevent segfault when target of firstaid_activity_actor disappears
Prevent segfault if repair item disappears
Prevent negative array index for floor_cache
Set owner of disassembly result
Avoid crash when the character has no proficiencies and we press enter on them inside Character menu "@
Prevent phantom cramped space on empty tiles
```
